README.md, before:

# CS370-GameChangers
## Emory CS 370 Fall 2023
**Current Members:** Brian Hsu, Danielle Linbeck, James Lai, Samuel Yang, Shirley Yang, Sofia Gukelberger

---
**Links:** <br>
[Sprint 7](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zNFlW2Mme1dszAlPT7xyroy-G7-WdNrEFqM3euskduA/edit#slide=id.g285146d2de8_2_1540) <br>
[Sprint 6](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1AY7oRZFdKcCpWTRR7ZDauV4nz9rFj0WTXKzpFI0j3UE/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Sprint 5](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16NwYxn2YLF7hW1fJyc-IWQ1-dl39KmfO1AtW9A-4kVc/edit#slide=id.g28e0cbf70ff_1_25) <br>
[Sprint 4](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bZDrkimwGz5LyNLvg2VdiFtd7SapGp8bhuIGPBdoGhc/edit#slide=id.g285146d2de8_2_1540) <br>
[Sprint 3](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1okUPCQJ8IFvWlTj3UuLJ0vtudTm1aXpBTxNOvHRdcBs/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Sprint 2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12-kwTeK3Ubu7tDXAcoUCWhIvrvZImMVV5pM3dO2_O9I/edit#slide=id.p) <br>
[Sprint 1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1T6Z_q7SR2cEHBGo31K_MCiiH4047obMaSx51C-dxVm4/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Project Proposal](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1oWdBqHFe8299t91JThk7zTl_vFgyKYVjIXRORhOs4zI/edit#slide=id.p) <br>
[Trello](https://trello.com/invite/b/Ox45nhFf/ATTI249400479013806dc81d355bd674a5e36A398597/csp-project-backlog) <br>
[Functions List](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tSavKbClF670-tG4Z7Up-BwLSC9Qqs-TPa8wJTj-48Q/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Sprint Timeline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WYvsGLdKtCPHooCMdgniGkq3gmHA9t2zn91hrpFuEkg/edit?usp=sharing) <br>

---

**Member A: Brian Hsu**  
*Skills:* Python, Java, C, Assembly, HTML/CSS<br>
*Tools:*  VS Code, Pycharm<br>
*Interests:* Travel, Basketball, Video Games<br>
*Bio:* Senior CS & Finance Major<br>

---

**Member B: Danielle Linbeck**  
*Skills:* Java, C, SQL, Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS <br>
*Tools:* VS Code, Trello, Canva, PostgreSQL, Twine <br>
*Interests:* Video Games, Horror Movies, Art, Writing <br>
*Bio:* Senior CS Major<br>

---

**Member C: James Lai**  
*Skills:* C#, Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, SQL, YAML, JSON (JWT), HTML/CSS <br>
*Tools:*  Git, Jira, Postman, MySQL, Figma, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Azure DevOps <br>
*Interests:* Food eater and avid poker enthusiast.<br>
*Bio:* Senior CS Major. <br>

---

**Member D: Samuel Yang**  
*Skills:* Java, Python, Wolfram, R, NLP<br>
*Tools:* IntelliJ, Pycharm, Pymol, Mathematica, DataCamp, R studio,PDF filler, Github, Microsoftware<br>
*Interests:* basketball, fitness, music, movie<br>
*Bio:* Senior Biology BS and QSS-informatics major<br>

---

**Member E: Shirley Yang**  
*Skills:* Java, Javascript, HTML, R <br>
*Tools:* IntelliJ, R studio, WebStorm, Latex, Mathematica, Github, Microsoftware<br>
*Interests:* Love food, piano, music,bouldering, switch <br>
*Bio:* Senior, Qss-Biology major, CS minor<br>

---

**Member F: Sofia Gukelberger**  
*Skills:* Java, Python, C, HTML, CSS, TypeScript, Angular, UI/UX Design <br>
*Tools:* Figma, Git/Github, Canva, VS Code, Trello <br>
*Interests:* Video Games, Books, Creative Writing, Ice Hockey <br>
*Bio:* Senior majoring in CS and Creative Writing <br>

Commit message:

added short about for game stuff

README.md, after:

# CS370-GameChangers
## Emory CS 370 Fall 2023


[Play the game](https://itch.io)

This is an implementation of an original turn-based card game implemented in C#. It uses Unity Game Engine.

## Rendering
This game supports rendering via the Unity rendering engine.

## Game Logic
The flow of this game is managed using C#. 

## Working With This Repo

 - You must have Unity installed.
 - Clone the repo into a directory of your choice.
 - Open 'SOULS' folder as a project in Unity.

**

**Team Members:** Brian Hsu, Danielle Linbeck, James Lai, Samuel Yang, Shirley Yang, Sofia Gukelberger

---
**Links:** <br>
[Sprint 7](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zNFlW2Mme1dszAlPT7xyroy-G7-WdNrEFqM3euskduA/edit#slide=id.g285146d2de8_2_1540) <br>
[Sprint 6](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1AY7oRZFdKcCpWTRR7ZDauV4nz9rFj0WTXKzpFI0j3UE/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Sprint 5](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16NwYxn2YLF7hW1fJyc-IWQ1-dl39KmfO1AtW9A-4kVc/edit#slide=id.g28e0cbf70ff_1_25) <br>
[Sprint 4](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bZDrkimwGz5LyNLvg2VdiFtd7SapGp8bhuIGPBdoGhc/edit#slide=id.g285146d2de8_2_1540) <br>
[Sprint 3](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1okUPCQJ8IFvWlTj3UuLJ0vtudTm1aXpBTxNOvHRdcBs/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Sprint 2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12-kwTeK3Ubu7tDXAcoUCWhIvrvZImMVV5pM3dO2_O9I/edit#slide=id.p) <br>
[Sprint 1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1T6Z_q7SR2cEHBGo31K_MCiiH4047obMaSx51C-dxVm4/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Project Proposal](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1oWdBqHFe8299t91JThk7zTl_vFgyKYVjIXRORhOs4zI/edit#slide=id.p) <br>
[Trello](https://trello.com/invite/b/Ox45nhFf/ATTI249400479013806dc81d355bd674a5e36A398597/csp-project-backlog) <br>
[Functions List](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tSavKbClF670-tG4Z7Up-BwLSC9Qqs-TPa8wJTj-48Q/edit?usp=sharing) <br>
[Sprint Timeline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WYvsGLdKtCPHooCMdgniGkq3gmHA9t2zn91hrpFuEkg/edit?usp=sharing) <br>

---

**Member A: Brian Hsu**  
*Skills:* Python, Java, C, Assembly, HTML/CSS<br>
*Tools:*  VS Code, Pycharm<br>
*Interests:* Travel, Basketball, Video Games<br>
*Bio:* Senior CS & Finance Major<br>

---

**Member B: Danielle Linbeck**  
*Skills:* Java, C, SQL, Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS <br>
*Tools:* VS Code, Trello, Canva, PostgreSQL, Twine <br>
*Interests:* Video Games, Horror Movies, Art, Writing <br>
*Bio:* Senior CS Major<br>

---

**Member C: James Lai**  
*Skills:* C#, Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, SQL, YAML, JSON (JWT), HTML/CSS <br>
*Tools:*  Git, Jira, Postman, MySQL, Figma, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Azure DevOps <br>
*Interests:* Food eater and avid poker enthusiast.<br>
*Bio:* Senior CS Major. <br>

---

**Member D: Samuel Yang**  
*Skills:* Java, Python, Wolfram, R, NLP<br>
*Tools:* IntelliJ, Pycharm, Pymol, Mathematica, DataCamp, R studio,PDF filler, Github, Microsoftware<br>
*Interests:* basketball, fitness, music, movie<br>
*Bio:* Senior Biology BS and QSS-informatics major<br>

---

**Member E: Shirley Yang**  
*Skills:* Java, Javascript, HTML, R <br>
*Tools:* IntelliJ, R studio, WebStorm, Latex, Mathematica, Github, Microsoftware<br>
*Interests:* Love food, piano, music,bouldering, switch <br>
*Bio:* Senior, Qss-Biology major, CS minor<br>

---

**Member F: Sofia Gukelberger**  
*Skills:* Java, Python, C, HTML, CSS, TypeScript, Angular, UI/UX Design <br>
*Tools:* Figma, Git/Github, Canva, VS Code, Trello <br>
*Interests:* Video Games, Books, Creative Writing, Ice Hockey <br>
*Bio:* Senior majoring in CS and Creative Writing <br>
